README.md, before:

![Stash Icons Cover](https://res.cloudinary.com/pingback/image/upload/v1684178797/stash-assets/Templates_oum6vi.png)

<div align="center"><strong>@getpingback/ui</strong></div>
<div align="center">Pingback UI React library</div>
<br />
<div align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/getpingback/ui">Github</a> 
<span> · </span>
<a href="https://pingback.com/">Pingback</a>
</div>

## Install

#### With yarn

```sh
yarn add @getpingback/ui
```

#### With npm

```sh
npm install @getpingback/ui
```

## Getting started

Import the component and just use it.

```jsx
import { Badge } from "@getpingback/ui";

const App = () => {
  return <Badge>Badge Component</Badge>;
};
```

## Authors

- Pedro Ladeira ([@pedrooladeira](https://twitter.com/pedrooladeira))
- Jéssica Martins ([@jess_bmartins](https://twitter.com/jess_bmartins))
- Rachel Andrade ([@rchldesigner](https://twitter.com/rchldesigner))

## License

Licensed under the MIT License, Copyright © 2023-present [Pingback](https://pingback.com/).

See [LICENSE](./LICENSE) for more information.

Commit message:

docs: add some development docs

README.md, after:

![Stash Icons Cover](https://res.cloudinary.com/pingback/image/upload/v1684178797/stash-assets/Templates_oum6vi.png)

<div align="center"><strong>@getpingback/ui</strong></div>
<div align="center">Pingback UI React library</div>
<br />
<div align="center">
<a href="https://stash-ui.com">Docs</a> 
<span> · </span>
<a href="https://pingback.com/">Pingback</a>
</div>

**An open-source UI component library for building modern web applications. Designed and powered by [Pingback](https://pingback.com/).**

---

## Documentation

For full documentation, visit [stash-ui.com](https://stash-ui.com).

## Releases

For changelog, visit [stash-ui.com/?path=/docs/overview-changelog--docs](https://stash-ui.com/?path=/docs/overview-changelog--docs).

## Contributing

Please follow our [contributing guidelines](https://stash-ui.com/?path=/docs/development-contributing--docs).

## Authors

- Pedro Ladeira ([@pedrooladeira](https://twitter.com/pedrooladeira))
- Jéssica Martins ([@jess_bmartins](https://twitter.com/jess_bmartins))
- Rachel Andrade ([@rchldesigner](https://twitter.com/rchldesigner))

---

## Community

### Newsroom

We are always posting about our latest news and updates on our Newsroom. Check it out!

[Visit Pingback Newsroom](https://pingback.com/newsroom)

### Twitter

To receive updates about our Engineering team, follow along on Twitter.

[Follow Pingback on Twitter](https://twitter.com/pingbackoficial)

---

## License

Licensed under the MIT License, Copyright © 2023-present [Pingback](https://pingback.com/).

See [LICENSE](./LICENSE) for more information.
